Julia Docker
============

A collection of `Dockerfile`s related to the [Julia language](http://julialang.org) project.  Most `Dockerfile`s are generated by the Makefiles held within the top-level directories for each project:

* `buildbot`: This project contains the configuration for a buildbot master instance.  Use this to build a new `build.julialang.org`, the configuration for which is held in the [julia-buildbot repository](https://github.com/staticfloat/julia-buildbot).

* `workerbase`: This project contains the scripts that generate `Dockerfile`s to make the base worker images.  These images have cutting-edge versions of `gcc`, `python`, `cmake`, etc... all built and ready to compile cutting-edge Julia programs.  These are built across a variety of OS's and hardware architectures, and [get uploaded to the Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/search/?isAutomated=0&isOfficial=0&page=1&pullCount=0&q=julia_workerbase&starCount=0).

* `buildworker`: This project contains the scripts that generate `Dockerfile`s to make the final worker docker-compose scripts.  These scripts can be used to easily start buildworker instances as services, connecting to the buildbot master instance and building away.

In every case, if `Dockerfile`s or `docker-compose.yml` files are generated, they will be placed within a `build/` directory.  The aim of this repository is to keep the `build/` directories up to date, so that interested users can download this repository and use the prebuilt `Dockerfile`/`docker-compose.yml` contents to immediately get up and running, without having to bother with the generation steps.

Sensitive information (such as buildbot authentication passwords, AWS access credentials, etc...) are encrypted within this repository.  To decrypt, you'll need a GPG key that @staticfloat and @tkelman guard zealously with their very lives.  After obtaining that, download/install [`git-crypt`](https://github.com/AGWA/git-crypt), install `gnupg`, import the secret key, then run `git crypt unlock` within the git repository.  This will turn encrypted files such as `buidlworker/secret.env` from a bunch of binary gibberish to a list of environment variables.
